# Go API client for integrations

REST API for managing Estate Records using Klarity Integrations. You can enrich your estate by creating new kinds of estate records or extending existing ones. Before making use of the API, you must first register your External Integration in Klarity, which provides you with the required authentication credentials. Then, you use those credentials to obtain a Token that allows you to make authorized calls to Klarity’s REST API for External Integration.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.0.3
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```shell
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/oauth2
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```golang
import sw "./integrations"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```golang
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `sw.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `sw.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```golang
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `sw.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `sw.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://integrations-api.klarity.nordcloudapp.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*KlarityIntegrationsApi* | [**V1EstateRecordsDelete**](docs/KlarityIntegrationsApi.md#v1estaterecordsdelete) | **Delete** /v1/estateRecords | Delete Klarity estate records
*KlarityIntegrationsApi* | [**V1EstateRecordsPost**](docs/KlarityIntegrationsApi.md#v1estaterecordspost) | **Post** /v1/estateRecords | Manage Klarity estate records


## Documentation For Models

 - [AcceptedResponseBody](docs/AcceptedResponseBody.md)
 - [CostElement](docs/CostElement.md)
 - [Costs](docs/Costs.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [EstateRecordsDeleteBody](docs/EstateRecordsDeleteBody.md)
 - [EstateRecordsDeleteBodyRecords](docs/EstateRecordsDeleteBodyRecords.md)
 - [EstateRecordsRequestBody](docs/EstateRecordsRequestBody.md)
 - [EstateRecordsRequestBodyRecords](docs/EstateRecordsRequestBodyRecords.md)
 - [PeriodEnum](docs/PeriodEnum.md)


## Documentation For Authorization



### bearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```golang
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), sw.ContextAccessToken, "BEARERTOKENSTRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author

products@nordcloud.com

